As a senior leader in Architecture, your quest for innovation happens directly at the intersection of technology and business strategy, leading organizational, operational, and technological change, now and in the future. You'll spearhead the efforts of passionate and dedicated teams of architects, aligning cross-functional and cross-line of business projects, ensuring that they're fiscally and technically within reason. You'll collaborate with internal teams and business leaders alike, creating strategically sound Target State Architectures that can handle today's needs and be ready for tomorrow's needs as well. Of course, you'll also have a stake in budgeting, hiring, mentoring, setting team priorities, and fostering a client-centric environment where everyone learns and grows. You'll be able to innovate in collaboration with technologists across JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s global technology community, as well as in partnership with some of the most important technology firms in the world.

    Develops strategy and roadmaps of enterprise security portfolio.
    Partners with Enterprise Security Governance to assess and reduce cloud security risks
    Provides clear written and verbal consulting to projects about cloud security architecture and cloud risk management.
    Champions the implementation of industry leading security standards and best practices across the enterprise.
    Provides advice, analysis and recommendation on the security products in the cloud security space.
    Reports to IT Senior and executive Management on technical status of enterprise IT security initiatives.
    Define security requirements within the SSDLC to communicate security requirements based on data classification.
    Serve as a technical point of contact for product teams as it relates to automation, CI/CD, and Application Security Operations
    Design and implement security features across a variety of application and OS platforms
    Perform software reviews, analyze security flaws and risks, and influence product designs.
    Perform formal threat model analysis on multiple client and server-side software programs.
    Work with validation teams to determine best methods to test product security. Familiar with penetration testing and in some cases, can design and perform your own penetration tests.
    Investigate reported security incidents on our software and act as the communication point for executive updates in those situations.
    The role requires a practical view of the trade-offs of security and needs to be able to find acceptable compromises in terms of cost, schedule, and features.
    Serve as an information security subject matter expert and trusted advisor by providing advisory and consulting services as required
    Understand current and emerging security threats and partner with architecture to mitigate threats
    Stay abreast of new security technologies and integrate into security design when appropriate

Qualifications:

    Bachelors or Masters Degree in Computer Science or a related discipline
    At least 10 years of experience in the security aspects relating to multiple platforms, operating systems, software, communications, and network protocols, or an equivalent combination of education and work experience.
    At least 5 years of experience designing, architecting and securing IaaS, Pass, and SaaS cloud deployments.
    In depth understanding of cloud cybersecurity standards, frameworks and best practices.
    Exceptional communication and interpersonal skills - including negotiation, facilitation, and consensus building skills; ability to influence and persuade, without direct control.
    CISA, CCSP and or CISSP preferred.
    Experience in encryption and authentication methodologies.
    Experience reviewing vulnerability assessments and code security reviews.
    Experience with security technologies and assessment tools.
    Deep understanding of OWASP Top 20, CWE 25, Data Protection
    In-depth understanding of business operations, objectives and strategies including but not limited to, insurance industry, financial services, global business and technology trends.

JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.

We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.

Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/Veterans
View Data as Table  Report this job
